you would think that a guy with a name
like mine would have been born Ukrainian
Catholic nope I was actually raised
Protestant but I was attracted to the
ancient faith spirituality and deep
symbolism of the Eastern Rite although
its roots are in Ukraine it is an
inclusive International Church that
welcomed the likes of me now I get to be
part of something uplifting and peaceful
a spiritual sanctuary from our busy and
hectic world
most Sunday's church has already started
and we're rushing in the door late but
despite our crazy lives we come because
we want to give Owen and Gwen a
spiritual home even though I grew up in
the Ukranian right I'd fallen away
together with Craig who is neither
Ukrainian nor a churchgoer we decided to
come back especially because our future
included marriage and children and
children are a huge focus at Holy Family
there front and center in the mass as
children of Mary altar servers and
helping with in receiving Holy Eucharist
there's catechism right after mass
children's choir had tons of fun events
for kids H isn't a chore it's a
community
for decades now Holy Family hosts the
south ends only pierogi supper on the
last Friday of each month parish
volunteers lend a hand
peeling slicing rolling pinching
carrying boiling wrapping that I
mentioned pinching serving over 900
dozen pierogies every time
the church basement absolutely buzzes
with people and most of them aren't
parishioners young
and older
each thoroughly enjoying a plate of
homemade pierogies laughing and getting
together as a community despite the work
it draws our parishioners together and
the joy on all those faces well that's
what it's all about
when you walk through the hall you
appreciate how something as simple as a
plate of pierogies connects us with
something bigger
we've got this thing called Club 55 we
get a ban we make lunch and we hope it
up in a church basement once a month
focus Wolters two steps you name it we
dance it's open to everyone you've never
seen people having so much fun on a
Tuesday afternoon church isn't just for
Sunday's you know
may God the Father the Son and the Holy
Spirit descend upon you and we invite
you to become part of our family